**Search Blueprint** is an interactive search engine tutorial aimed towards university students of different programming proficiency. Users can browse through created topics, functionalities of web crawlers, indexers, search engine algorithms, relevancy in order to provide a glimpse of the complexity of today's commercial search engines despite their UI interface. The users can choose to use what type of search engines that they would like to learn as well as use either generated or custom generated tables of data to do the tutorial on.

The goal of the project is to show  the underlying operation principles of different search engines step by step, in an interactive tutorial format, to stimulate learning and to involve the user on a greater level for a better understanding. For this phase, we have created a landing page where all users will reach when they use Search Blueprint. The landing page will direct them to the main menu after the welcome message, which consist the options of "instructions", "crawlers", "algorithm" and "compare", the they will direct the users to the correspond sections of the webpage. For this phase, we created a few webpages based on a basic sitemap, giving us a skeleton that will be used to implement rest of the features in the future. The website consists of an instructions page which would provide instructions on how to use Search Blueprint.

As for the backend, we have integrated HayStack, an open sourse webcrawler, into our system. We have also established a connection between the webcrawler and Postgre Database in the backend, which the crawler will collect website addresses and then store them into the database. Lastly, we have completed a glossary that will be implemented into the database for future phases.
