## Process

Throughout the semester, we were exposed to various software development methods, such as the scrum, Kanban and extreme programming. After careful discussions and understanding our team's nature, we decided that the scrum model is the most suitable option and will benefit us the most.

As described during lectures, the scrum process relies on a simple framework of roles, meetings, and artefacts. Its strict emphasis on outlining the tasks and their deadlines ties very well to the course's nature. However, the scrum model also requires multiple involved-roles such as the scrum master and the product owner. This part of the scrum model does not fit well with the team's nature, as we want to ensure fairness in terms of workload and responsibility for everyone. As a result, we removed some of these roles to make sure each member can handle the workload while still being able to manage their other assignments throughout the semester. This allowed us to have a more decentralized working environment, and reduced the stress that other development model would have brought and also allowed us to maximize our productivity.

Our team meetings were held both in person and online. Although face-to-face interactions were much more efficient to communicate, it is difficult to find a time-slot for everyone to show up regularly. On the other hand, online meetings were only sightly less efficient. It is still sufficient to handle the scrum meeting model. Majority of our interaction took place online, and that allowed everyone to work on their own time, again allowing us to work at our own best phase. Sometimes when we did have issues or important matters to discuss, we met in person to solve the problems together because sometimes that was the best way.

Overall, we enjoyed using scrum because it was easy to integrate with many tools at our disposal. With the use of GitHub Management System, it makes it simple to complete our scrum task and keep track of everyone's progress. Issues that came out during our meetings can be presented in the Facebook group or even an Issue Ticket in GitHub, where we can quickly rearrange resources to tackle to issue.

Our team decided to not use the kanban method because it was not an efficient process for our team. Even though the "no roles" nature of kanban fits the team, it requires a physical "kanban board" and regular experiments to function, which is not efficient at all. It is also not as well structured as scrum, which may cause our project to be less structured as well.

In the future, we would definitely keep the working with the process that is outlined in this phase. The modifications we did to the original scrum method allowed us to tailor the specifications in order to streamline our development process.
