####Choosing the project:####

Our project name is **“Search Blueprint”**, a web application that teaches moderately experienced developers, for example 1st to 2nd year students, the underlying operation principles of different search engines step by step, in an interactive tutorial format. It will imitate the interface of a search engine, divide the searching process into pieces and guide the user through them. The web application will have interactive components to stimulate learning and to involve the user on a greater level for a better understanding. For example, the user needs to click or input some values to proceed, and can also click on different parts of the application to see pop ups that explain operations and function in greater depth. The reason we chose this project is because we believe that search engines like Google and Bing are something known to all but very few people actually know how they work and about their internal functioning. Moreover, we found that there are a few tutorials that explain how search engines work but they only give a simple text and image based overview without any interactive component and the information provided by them is meant for the general public and is not enough for developers. Therefore we feel our project will be a useful learning tool if executed right.

To decide on the project, we had a few brainstorming sessions with all our group members. We came up with several ideas for topics like data structure and algorithms, compilers, etc. Finally, we reached a consensus by voting and after rejecting most of the ideas, the conclusion was to work on search engines because it was something we were all interested in, and is something that is already not saturated with online learning tools like data structures are. 
