####MVP####

The project we are working on is a "Search-Engine Tutorial" web application. Our goal is to create an interactive tutorial on Search engines. Search engine has become an important part of our daily lives, and people from different backgrounds are using it on a daily basis. On its own, Google processes over 40,000 searches every second, which is equivalent to over 3.5 billon searches per day. However, most people using search engines do not even know or understand how it works. As a team, we believed that by creating an interactive tutorial, it will easily allow users to understand more about how search engines work behind the scenes. 

Currently, there are plenty of different tutorials that cover how search engines work, yet, in common, they all lack a significant element: "Interaction". Most tutorials available online are simply in plain text format, seldom times with some picture to help users visualize the concept. These tutorials do not support interactions at all, as well as using highly technical vocabularies. This will cause most internet users to quickly lose interest looking at wall of texts that they will not understand. On the other hand, our goal is to create something that will reach to more people, by providing a responsive and interactive tutorial that gives different information and feedback based on the user’s level. For example, an ordinary internet user can be benefited from some trivial tutorials, while a college student that is interested in this topic will benefit from an in-depth tutorial with more technical and detailed information. Ultimately, the users will have the freedom to choose how much they want to see.

The main challenge that our group will face is how to implement the "interactive" element into our project, so that it will be achievable, while powerful enough to grasp the interest of different people.
