####Personas####

  **James Smith** is a 10th grade high school student who does not have any knowledge in computer science. James is a smart, funny and passionate learner with a thirst for knowledge. One day, when he was working on his history research assignment using Google and Bing, he found out that they gave different search results. He thought Google and Bing are just different websites that use the same search engine. He started to wonder about why it was giving different results. So James searched on Google how search engines work, but as a high school student who has no knowledge in computer science, everything that he found was difficult to understand. He is looking for an easy interactive tutorial page where 10th grade students can learn about search engines. For example, technical terminologies should either come with some brief explanations, or do not appear in the tutorial page at all.

  **Steve Johnson** is a 2nd year computer science student who has very little knowledge on software development based on 1st year and high school level computer courses that he had taken before. Steve has general knowledge of programming concepts, knows 1 or 2 programming languages, and can program simple functions. He had used various search engines and yet does not have any appreciation on various computer science theories used to develop it. He would like to try learning how his future studies would enable him to work in companies that develops commercial search engines. But for now, he would like to learn more about search engines in a simplified manner that does not involve addition research that would affect his studies. He would also like to learn about the procedures involved in the search engines without being bogged down by the theoretical reasonings and jargons that could impede his learning process. He would also like to experiment on the search engine functions so that he could appreciate why such functions and logic tree matter and help him understand the reasoning behind learning simple concepts that will potentially more useful in the future.

  **Suzie Que** is a 4th year computer science student who is hoping to work for Google in the future. To be more specific, she wants to work as a search engine developer. Suzie has a decent knowledge of computer science; she has programming experience with Python, Java, and C/C++ and she understands how computer data structures, database systems and network systems work, but she did not learn anything about the search engines and algorithms yet. She wants to know more about an interesting concept such as search engine that seems to combine everything that she has learned from her advanced courses at school. She have tried to find information online, but all she found was books with hundreds of pages and online tutorials with text and images only. As a university student, she does not have an enough time to read all the information and it is hard to learn in this way. Suzie is looking for an interactive tutorial that teaches how search algorithms works. She prefers videos and a more visual experience over slides and writing notes. Since Suzie is an experienced for a student developer, she believes that a page showing just the basic concepts of search engines will not be enough for her. She would like to go more in-depth with this topic, and would like to see more of the inner workings and not just the top layer of the search engines.
